#*textColor:                     grey20

toolbar:                        ParentRelative
toolbar.borderWidth:		0
toolbar.button:                 ParentRelative
toolbar.button.picColor:        rgb:2/2/2
toolbar.label:                  ParentRelative
toolbar.label.textColor:        rgb:c/d/f
toolbar.iconbar.empty:          ParentRelative
toolbar.iconbar.focused:        flat
#toolbar.iconbar.focused:	      ParentRelative
#toolbar.iconbar.focused:	flat diagonal gradient
#toolbar.iconbar.focused.color:	rgb:2/2/6
#toolbar.iconbar.focused.colorTo: rgb:0/0/0
toolbar.iconbar.focused.color:  rgb:21/60/82
toolbar.iconbar.focused.textColor: rgb:f/f/f
toolbar.iconbar.unfocused:	ParentRelative
toolbar.iconbar.unfocused.textColor: rgb:f/f/f
toolbar.iconbar.borderWidth:	0
toolbar.iconbar.focused.borderWidth:	0
toolbar.iconbar.unfocused.borderWidth:	0
toolbar.windowLabel:            ParentRelative
toolbar.windowLabel.textColor:  rgb:2/2/2
toolbar.clock:			ParentRelative
#toolbar.clock:			flat diagonal gradient
#toolbar.clock.color:		rgb:2/2/6
#toolbar.clock.colorTo:		rgb:0/0/0
toolbar.clock.textColor:	rgb:c/c/f
toolbar.justify:                right
toolbar.font:                   lucidasans-10
toolbar.shaped:			False
toolbar.height:     20

menu.title:                     flat
menu.title.color:               rgb:c/d/e
menu.title.textColor:           rgb:4/4/6
menu.title.font:                lucidasans-10
menu.title.justify:             center
menu.borderWidth:		1

menu.frame:                     flat solid
menu.frame.color:               rgb:8/9/a
menu.frame.textColor:           rgb:2/2/4
menu.frame.disableColor:        rgb:6/6/8
menu.frame.font:                lucidasans-10
menu.frame.justify:             left

menu.bullet.position:           right
menu.bullet:                    triangle

menu.hilite:                    flat
menu.hilite.color:              rgb:2/2/6
menu.hilite.textColor:          rgb:c/c/f

window.title.focus:             flat solid
window.title.focus.color:       rgb:8/9/a
window.title.unfocus:           flat solid
window.title.unfocus.color:     rgb:2/2/4

window.label.focus:             ParentRelative
window.label.focus.color:       rgb:8/9/a
window.label.focus.colorTo:     rgb:d/e/f
window.label.focus.textColor:   rgb:1/1/2
window.label.unfocus:           flat solid
window.label.unfocus.color:     rgb:2/2/4
window.label.unfocus.textColor: rgb:4/4/8

window.button.focus:            flat solid
window.button.focus.color:      rgb:8/9/a
window.button.focus.picColor:   rgb:1/1/2
window.button.unfocus:          flat solid
window.button.unfocus.color:    rgb:2/2/4
window.button.unfocus.picColor: rgb:4/4/8

window.handle.focus:            flat crossdiagonal gradient
window.handle.focus.color:      rgb:8/9/a
window.handle.focus.colorTo:    rgb:d/e/f
window.handle.unfocus:          flat solid
window.handle.unfocus.color:    rgb:2/2/4

window.grip.focus:              flat solid
window.grip.focus.color:        rgb:8/9/a
window.grip.unfocus:            flat solid
window.grip.unfocus.color:      rgb:2/2/4

window.frame.focusColor:        rgb:d/d/f
window.frame.unfocusColor:      rgb:4/4/6

window.font:                    lucidasans-10
window.justify:                 right

*button.pressed:                flat solid
*button.pressed.color:          rgb:a/a/8c

borderColor:                    rgb:2/2/2

bevelWidth:                     1
borderWidth:                    1
handleWidth:                    3

*Font:                          lucidasans-10

rootCommand:                    fbsetbg -l
